amazonka-{dynamodb, dynamodb-streams}: Share AttributeValue type (#992)
brendanhay/amazonka: lib/amazonka/CHANGELOG.md

## Unreleased

> - `amazonka-dynamodb-attributevalue`: This new package pulls out the type 
> `AttributeValue` and related instances previously duplicated in `amazonka-dynamodb`
> and `amazonka-dynamodb-streams`. (thanks @dalpd)
> 
> ### Changed
> 
> - `amazonka`: Add support for `AWS_SHARED_CREDENTIALS_FILE` and `AWS_CONFIG_FILE` environment variables to override the

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Changed

- New package `amazonka-dynamodb-attributevalue`: `amazonka-dynamodb`and `amazonka-dynamodb-streams` now share a common `AttributeValue` type, removing the need to manually convert between them. Each SDK re-exports it, so no code changes should be necessary, but manual conversion between the "regular" and "streams" `AttributeValue` can be removed. (thanks @dalpd)
[\#992](https://github.com/brendanhay/amazonka/pull/992)
- `amazonka`: Add support for `AWS_SHARED_CREDENTIALS_FILE` and `AWS_CONFIG_FILE` environment variables to override the
```
